O365 - Security And Compliance - Search And Delete - fix no emails were found (#11892)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_12.md

#### Playbooks
##### O365 - Security And Compliance - Search And Delete

> - Fixed an issue where the task **Remove search action** failed when no emails were found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **Remove search action** task would fail when no emails were found.
```
